# Transcripción generada por Whisper (IA) — video sin subtítulos automáticos
# Fuente: audio descargado desde PC local
# Modelo: faster-whisper/tiny | fecha: 2026-07-16 05:10
---

# Billionaire Makes $350,000 Trading and SPENDS IT ALL

¡Nos es la otra vez! ¡Es la otra vez! ¡Es la vida del mundo! ¡Els, el mundo! ¡Ya! ¡Oh, ok! ¿Qué es? ¿Qué es? Taba la fiesta de mi vida, y me da mi vida. Bueno, es muy bien en el morning. Y cada vez que se le los esc roaring, y va a ser un poco de la forma de hablar de las cosas, lo que es la forma muy bien. Para la primera vez que me dices, nos voy a que no se puede ir a ese tipo de forma. Esta vez que me voy a estar donde yo me he visto un poco. No, no, no. No, no, no. No. No, no. No. No, no. No. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No. No, no. No, no, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No. No. No. No. No, no. No. pretty good, pretty good, pretty good, pretty good, pretty good, pretty good. All right, it is officially holy shit, we're pushing, we are pushing. I'm going to, can you see this? You gotta start closing these out, yep. We're gonna start closing these out 83k. Oh, yeah, it's closing. 2, 1 more, 1 more, 1 more. Ah, let's go! Let's f***ing go. Okay, so I was chilling first, I can't look the way for, let it, I'm gonna show you guys the history, but look the way for one f***ing millisecond, look back, and shit was booming through that spot. Almost all the way up to our final target, it was a 1 to 5, going for a simple 1 to 5, so potentially, it could have lost, I don't know, under K, could have made 700, gives a f***ing. That's not even a 1 to 5, my math's not even right, I still don't give a f***ing. I'm going to go ahead and do the calculations really quick and see exactly how much money I made, and how much money I'll be able to spend. I think I made a little more than I thought, started to just kind of take off on me, I was looking away for a second, I would have closed positions a little faster, but whatever, we'll take the extra money, it is what it is. Here's our positions right here, I'm gonna add those up really quick, and then earlier today, in the live trading room, I was able to make $51,000 trading, and I lost $15,000. As well, so overall, I made about $36,000 just this morning, and that was what everybody in the live trading room, if you guys aren't there yet, and you want to join that stand below, it's like $39 a month, you can copy every single trade that I take, every morning, all from your computer. I'm gonna add these up, so we have 84,000 plus 80,000, nothing crazy, plus 76,000 plus 74,000 plus 72,000. 386,000 dollars made in the span of, I don't know, what has it been, maybe 30, 45 minutes, we waited for a setup, got in, volume kicked in, and I made 387,000, I don't mind, I count this morning, because if you do, I'm over $400,000 for the day, and that tells me I can now go buy a car from anywhere from $400,000 to $10,000,000, right? So, let's go look for cars, and see what we can do, it's already browsing some of the cars, you guys probably saw, and they got some good shit, they got some good shit, and they're right now. So, I thought I would bring you guys to the warehouse really quick to do a quick little update. One thing that I really enjoy about this warehouse is that it changes every single day. Like, for instance, today we have the I-8, I don't even fucking know why, but we have the Bentley in the middle here, SVJ, and then we have the ghosts and the colonan, shit tonicards at the house, but what I love about the offices, I can switch it whenever I want, like if I wanted to go a pagani, SVJ, and then we can go McLaren here, or GT3RS, your mom right here, we can do that, like we can switch it up at any points. I really enjoy doing that. Now, one thing I will say that I just thought about, and you know, you guys can, I don't really want sympathy. At the moment, I understand it is a very heartwarming subject, but I only have two Lamborghinis, I have the SVJ, and I have the Euras. That's a problem, that's a fucking problem. So, I think I'm going to take the money that I made, and probably buy another car, because that's kind of all I really know how to do at this point, is buy cars and make babies. So, we're going to do at least two of those today. But yeah, I don't know exactly what I want, yet. I think we're going to go to the dealership, take a look, see what they have down offer, and try to look for more of a daily type of lamb, because like the Euras' cool, my girl uses it more than me. SVJ is cool, it's kind of like bumpiest f***, and it like, every time you shift gears, it like jerks you. So, I think I'm going to try to find more of a daily type of lamb rigini, and then, yeah, we'll keep adding to the collection. That's three Lamborghinis, and f***ing five rolls of races, a couple of bandlies, and yeah, de ya, and this is what it is. We're going to go ahead and hit the dealership, and see if we can't find something very nice, it's joined the fleet today. People are always like, well, what's heaven like, what's heaven going to be like, right? It's going to be like this. Welcome to the new mom, Perfect's Office, baby. Here's the deal, right? I made close to $400,000. That's going to be my budget. I don't want to go too expensive, it will go something like, but, open and look in, right? I'm going to see what they have, right? I see the options that they have, but again, the budget is $400, okay? I know the sounds cheap, whatever, roast me in the comments, all you want, let's take a look though. So you think about the STOs though? For me, they're a little too racecar vibes, I like a daily, I don't want to get in this vision for like, it's going to take off. Like, the SVJ is already enough for me, I don't need a little version of it. Pretty cool car though, this looks like an eventador. 479k, 5800 miles. We're trying to get something like, some like three k miles or less, I'm tired of cars, I got five k miles, 2k, I mean 4k, 3k or less, off the top. Only 26, this is the new version bro. Look at this, is that not the ugliest thing you've ever seen? That looks like the older 2014 type of shit. Damn, look at this shit, got the gold. I mean, if we don't get it, at least we can get some endspot from it. Damn, that's sick as hell. How are you going to go from gold to red interior? Gold, f***ing plated, bro, are you serious right now? Look at that. This is like some special addition shit, that's so cool. Look at this shit, look at this shit, from the front. The hurricane technique, look at this. Looks like the battle, dude. Yeah, that's disgusting. I think it's like 360, 360k, 2500 miles, too. That's a f***ing car, I'm not the f***ing. It's like I'd be homeowner, not getting this one. Let me see what a bucket he feels like on my ass. Damn, it's low. Oh my gosh, smells like me. Wow, this is nasty right here. Carbon fiber everywhere, this is a six spec. This is like a hurricane in between a hurricane at STO, like not too sporty, like where you like race car every day, but not as basic as a hurricane. This is not, this is nasty. More aggressive, too than a regular, a conivo, I'll just get it, whatever. It's here, it's the only one here that's kind of fitting the criteria with 2500 miles or 3000 or less miles. And I guess I want a little daily lambota, SVJ's two bumpies. Good, this is nice. Another day, another car, you know what it is, baby. How's the easy deal? Let me tell you something. The reason I can get a car and be in and out of a dealership in 10 minutes is because I'm like a lot of broke people who got to come in here and say, well, I got to get finance, let's go to this bank and that bank and this bank. I'm going to just come in and say, how much is it? Here's the money. I'm assigned a couple of papers and I'm out. So for me it's a 10-minute process. We got the Lamborghini Pericon, Technica, we got to bring this back, put it in the garage, and if I were at the drive, it's a bit too much to feel like. Put the ball in and like it's my first lambota. It's like my 15th lambota. I don't need a ball. I mean, we got carbon fiber on the f***, the inside of the roof. I love it. I should spit on it. That's how much I love it. I got to hear you. I don't actually hear you. I'm not flinching you. So that's the roller. Put my dozer. Go in and pull. Put it through also. There's just. Put my boat in toss. Because the one that is another day another car, sort of, do. We're back in it. I think the name, man, I can say as much as I want to say, to try to motivate you guys. But I think the most motivating part of this all is what you can see visually. So there's not a lot for me to say other than I'm in another lamborghini. This is probably now I 20th lamborghini purchase legit. legit 20th. I've had 20 lamborginis. Yeah, I swapped them out here and there are sometimes. But as of right now, we have three in the collection at once. And you'll get to that point, right? That's the goal. Get to the point where you make so much money that you can buy a car, swap the car, sell a car. You're always going to be bored of a car and want to train it out for something new. It's very normal, right? But for me, my minimum is always like, I want to have at least $6 to $10 million worth of cars in the fleet at once. And I'm okay with that. So anything less than that, I'm gay. And anything more than that, too many problems, right? The cars you break and down and shit. I don't have time to like, hey, can you go pick up this car, this car, this car, this car, this car, this car, this car, they're all f***ed up. So for me, the sweet spot is 6 to 10 billion. But as of right now, these are three lamborginis I'm rocking with. And again, you'll get to that point. I truly believe in my heart, you'll get to the point one day where you will also have all these cars. And see the different issues you run into and all that gets stuff. So just keep grinding man, just keep grinding. The lifestyles wait for you, it's there. But at the end of the day, it's not going to wait forever. You know what I'm saying? Once you're 50, 60, 70 years old, you'll be looking back like damn I could have done it. But I did. So don't get to that point. But let's start going shit now. Let's make a difference now. Let's change our habits now. Let's do what we have to do today to better ourselves for tomorrow and fold, you know, turning your life from nothing to something. It doesn't happen overnight, right? It doesn't happen overnight. It's not going to be in two, three days. Your fucking successful making millions. But it can start tonight. The starting process can start tonight. You have all the necessary tools to become something successful this world. We live in fucking the craziest time of life ever where you can make millions of dollars doing millions of different things. There's different products that you can become a trader. There's so many things. We have to be a trader to be successful. I make millions of dollars every month from like three different. I'm not just trading anymore. So, get your shit together, man. Honestly, that's really what it comes down to. Get your shit together. Understand? Now is your time.
