# Transcripción generada por Whisper (IA) — video sin subtítulos automáticos
# Fuente: audio descargado desde PC local
# Modelo: faster-whisper/tiny | fecha: 2026-07-22 17:16
# Idioma detectado: en (prob: 0.93)
---

# Rich Trader Makes $100,000 Trading In Vegas

You need people like me so you can point your f***ing fingers. I say, that's the bad guy. I'm going to get up, get up, get back at you, pop shit. A lot of us going to let go of my feet. No more vaut always sitting on that. Dude, that's my car. How's that f***ing you guys finding your man? I thought I could get away coming to Vegas and just chill, but of course, here you guys are in treating my life and didn't bring anybody, man. You're lucky for you, I was just trading. I love to show you guys my trades and kind of how I do it, but check out this little pairhouse I got in Vegas. I actually think about buying one of these as well. I don't think you guys remember last time when the island I said I was going to buy one of those. I got a buy one of these, man. I'm not even that expensive. It's like one of these. Seven mil. Easy. I'm also going to buy one of these because I got endless money and f***ing shit is beautiful, but come on, sit in there and I'll show you guys. Check this out, man. This is beautiful. This is Vegas. This is the second home to me. This is where I used to live. We lived here for a year. Obviously, I lived in a f***ing mansion down away from the strip, but this is like where you want to come and visit. You just want to come out here and breathe the air. You want to live a life where you can travel and you can do things and you don't have to be complacent with being in the same spot all the time. I don't want to be in the same house every single day. I don't want to be in the same city every single day. I want to discover the world and you know, the game won't shit. Place a black jacket and shit, you know what I was saying? I like to trade from different locations. This is, look at this shit bro. This is like food. Boy, just man. What the f***? Arrige, take taking take take take me like a lot of papini diya. Take take me like a lot of papini diya. Take take me like a lot of papini diya. Take take me like a lot of papini diya. Arrige, how do we do this, is with my parents and then you see the cheetah stripes. Look at that, straight. Look at the ass straight. You have the same sharpest on. Everything I do is by the design. Everything I do. Always by the design. I don't do shit without having a plan. I knew I was going to bring the ass straight with the cheetahs. I got the cheetah and my little fucking dog shit. This is both dog shit and kimbana. Let me see. I don't have it. I don't have it. I got that masterpiece. I don't have it, baby. I can't get that black car. I don't have it. She's known when you're always a man like me. I don't have it. I think the shit you guys ended up buying this position. As you guys can see, we are currently about $93,000 as we're still pushing. I'm actually going to get out of this straight out of 100k. Can you see that? And bam. $100,000 trade. Just like that. You know what it is. You know what it is. It will six figures in Vegas. I want to show you guys why I took this trade really quick and then I want to go ahead and spend all 100,000 of it in Vegas. That's what you do in your Vegas. You make 100k. You put it on green. You go for that $3 million payout. You don't get it. You try it again and you repeat this process. You're an entire life. And tell you're an actual financial debt. And you're going to do a f***ing crisis. Then you buy one of these palaces with a little bit of money you have left. You just f***ing. No, but yeah, we won't spend some of that money man. 100k in Vegas feels good. It feels good to make it in Vegas without having to be at the motherf***ing tables. But very simple trade. Let's break this down. So the trade itself is very, very simple. I want the one minute time frame. As you guys can see what I do is I draw my trend line. We have a simple trend line indicating we're any bearish market. We're going down. We're going down. But when I draw this trend line, all I'm looking for is a break of structure. So the trend lines here, been respected a couple of times here, a couple of times here. We actually created resistance as well here. So we have resistance. We have trend line. It's all structure. Now when this candle pushes above the trend line, we break out of the trend line. I'm then able to take my bi position on that break. I can have a decent stop loss and just go for a simple one to three, just like that. And that's exactly what we need of getting. Not the prettiest trade itself can text but fully shit this trade is gorgeous. But nonetheless, new obsession. We have the break out. We have the opportunity to take the trade. And we take the trade. And again, not all trades are beautiful. Not all trades are pretty. And I'm not going to see this amazing handsome young fella like me on the chart saying, go ahead and buy here and then close here. But again, we see the trend line. It's a beautiful trend line. It's a solid trend line. We see the push. It's a very nice bullish candle. We see that bullish candle come up. We take our bi position. Bikes up. We have a little bit of a retracement in the boom spikes up to our target. Guys, it's really not rocket science. We're trading breakouts. Whether it's the trend line break or we're breaking out of resistances. No matter what we're doing, we're doing it. In a sense of, I need to see the breakout because we are breakout traders. I need to see the breakout. Once I see that breakout, pair that with a little bit of volume and a nice solid candle. Well, that's it. We're going to take that trade. If it loses, it loses. I would have lost $30,000. That's fine. I would have went for another trade. Simple as that. If I lose again, I'm down 60K for the day. That's it. It's over. Tomorrow, I'll come back. $100,000. Bam. I'm up 40K over on two days. It's that easy because I'm going for one to three. And that's why I risked her award. I feel like it's so important. Obviously, this is difficult. I think it's not easy. I'm not going to say trading is easy because it's not easy. But I've made it very easy with one simple step, man. Go down below. Click my link. Join the kingdom today. It's only 39.99 a month, right? The same price as Netflix or Hulu and all these other little bullshit that you buy. So for 39.99 a month, you can seriously just copy every single trade I take. If I say I'm buying US 30, you can just do the same thing. Copy the trades. Results inside your been crazy. I'll pull up some f***ing discord membership and people that are making all kinds of money. I have a week's ago, buy them a Clarence. Dude copied my trades. He didn't even trade on his own. Purely copied all of my trades and then bottoms up from a Clarence. What are we talking about right now? It's a literal cheat code and it's literally only 39.99 a month. So click the link down below. Join the kingdom. Copy my trades. Stop all the guesswork and all the f***. How do I do this? How do I plot? Resistance supports. It's just too complicated for me. Just copy all my trades, man. I live stream three times a day. So you're getting three streams per day. Live trading. And the rest is just buttermilk cereal, baby. Let's get it. I know this shit went out. Of course I did it, baby. Cause it's a f***ing dab at off-road. Thank you so money. Get you some dab at off-road. These are the best f***ing cigars ever exist. You just like the rules, races, of the cigar world, man. Anyways, when you make money like I do, you can literally fly. I'm not even joking. Check this out. Thank you. I've got to see the cameraman right quick. Come on now. Show some respect. Show some respect, baby. Show some respect, baby. Show some respect, baby. Show some respect, baby. Hey, man. The whole crew flies f***ing. Look at that. Yeah, man. We got to pause, right? We got to leave the bugs bro. Joved his f*** all the way from LA two Vegas. That's disgusting. Look at the bug. Look at the life we've took in. I mean, that's a crazy kill count bro. Double kill. She's a couple of different, uh, hi rises out here. Thinking about buying one, just because, I mean, the house we're now sick of s***ing. Why not add them out for a folio? Have a nice little hi rise. Alright, so we got a little bit of downtime. I'm actually going to go pour a couple of different, uh, hi rises out here. Thinking about buying one, just because, I mean, the house we're now sick of s***ing. And why not add them out for a folio? Have a nice little hi rise. Like, come out to gamble, you know, chill, get that Vegas, get on my skin. It's a beautiful thing. It's a beautiful privilege to be able to buy houses wherever I want. So we're going to look at some hi rise since maybe buy one. I'm not just going to f***. Here's the cash, but, you know, there's a little bit of a perm. It's all you got to go to to buying a house, but we're going to look today. We got a little downtime though, so I'll put the turn that's 500 into... What do we say? 500k? Okay? I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... This is what I'm talking about. And this is what you guys don't understand. It's all about risk to ward. I only had to risk $20 to make $8. I'm at that site. You do it. Turn it in $400 and do a humble accession. I'm going to go. Yeah. We're going. We're going. We're going. We're going. We're going. The ward off. A story. Let me give you a little background on this place. I know nothing about this f*** place. And I don't know why it's called that. That's a guy's name or not. But, um... A little background for you guys. See what it's like though. Beautiful, beautiful spot. Beautiful first location. This is first of two tours I believe. A couple of paid houses. We're looking at stuff. We'll see how it goes. Baby, what's up to the boy? I'm awesome. My name's Daniel Lee. That's what I'm going to write. That's what I'm going to write. Baby, what's up to the boy? I'm done. The only thing is it's more like... Common area. Any folk can be here man. You got to lower class. Mental class and breakfast. This is not an ideal area for me. But beautiful. There's special place tomorrow. To our topics and that would help me. I'll load the hallway without doing no more things. That's too much miserable. This is exhausting. Just thinking that too seriously. Let's go look at this. Like every outside Do we? Yeah, that view is so crazy, but you know what though the vibe here's to me is better like when we pull it up and then that little room is so nice Yeah, what is this 3.7 Most definitely we can we can touch the 6.7 line right for sure well I don't want to wait this for time and I mean this is a little small appreciate you for showing us though and everything Beautiful property Best of luck with the sound of some Everything was pan crafted and painted so this whole mural right behind was hand painted as well by Mike Mike Middleton There's a lot of hidden storages. You might notice around and she put little sticky notes So Disney It's like this is cool. This is Disney line man Shit That's beautiful. Yeah, it's a great view. Look at this I feel like the inside is I Get actually like it. I mean it would have to be damn little different obviously I'm not gonna keep the business but beautiful view. I like it better than last one by a lot already You gotta see this. No, look at this. This is rarely courses. What we like Look see her room That's a book shop that is holding right now Yeah, you want to see it shut Look at that you I mean you really don't wouldn't know Okay, oh Oh Wow This is so me Dude, this is I This is absolutely unbelievable Nice Yeah, outside of like where you come in and the drive and everything this is Unbelievable and this is our vibe bro. We're smoking so much cigars in here. Are you kidding me? I've never like actually genuinely like something so much that was so different. I actually like this like I really really like this Come on now come on. I mean what are we talking about what are we talking about steam shower Beautiful beautiful. This is so cool man. luggage closet her closet on the tighter side But it's I mean we're not living here. We're just coming back and forth. Oh, wow. This is closet as well That's the AC units you got your Whatever you want to call this Service entrance Oh, I had leads over here To this whatever you want to call this is cool. It's like a mix right of like old money, but also like very tell Another balcony she has a personality, right? I'm gonna put this to you Oh Oh, cherry on time go in work up oh Wow Oh, yeah Hell yeah See that I'll be like a bag of almond but I just wish it was like That's last Disney. Thank you guys for tuning in. We're going to talk about it and We're gonna do a little game. I'm gonna do an Instagram post right now. I'm gonna say the first two people that find me I'm gonna give you guys $500 each We'll see how fast they find me and we'll go from there, but I like doing this little shit man It's fun to give away money and just see my fan spaces when they do find me slow Easter egg Right, it's kind of exciting. It's kind of fun Brad don't get shot in the head though for all the money in my pocket ready all right guys So I'm currently in Las Vegas obviously if you see me right now You see the suit that I'm wearing I'm giving $500 to random people who find me Good luck. I'll be walking around which is drove by Literally pagani and I don't know if you guys know this not but I own a pagani show the cook with me owning a pagani Perfect, it's a weather pagani. Today is a big day Something cheap. Something cheap. Holy shit My gosh You guys sell many pagani models? Yeah, mine's more like this that's that's my car. No, this is my car. But in yellow you guys don't have any colors My car's purple. It's got snakes skin on and so obviously you don't have that Let me see what I can okay I don't know why I feel a little kid in here right now. They literally have put a freaking boy Pagani version of my pagani. That's awesome. I have to get that Mine's purple snakes skin. So yeah that back there Hello we're looking for a little car version of the pagani wire the girl guaranteed you guys would have more over here than there But oh, that's my literal car the exact that's like the exact one I doubt it's the Tintasta could be I guess but let me get this one. I really wish they had Is that buddy? How are you? I heard you saw the post? I'm still a bro. I was just kidding You're in it. Yeah, of course you're in it For 500 and you want to say hey bro shout to him shout to Anthony shout to the wind Yes, sir, you're sure I appreciate the support bro. Yes, sir. Thank you guys awesome There's somebody who works here saw the post on their break saw that I was here super shy It was like that's the guy but I don't want to go over there I'm like I'm over here man 500 gone this next 500 is gonna be gone probably in seconds As soon as we leave the wind there's gonna be people out there, but doing things I love man and I'm 100 away We're gonna do 500 to the screw here. She doesn't know why I am But she deserves 500. It's for you 500 oh yes Of course, of course yes Yes, of course of course I'm glad we came back because I was gonna give her money I didn't want to disrespect her because she didn't have a sign up or anything now kind of walking and I was like okay She needs some but you can get out of here and I'll get out of the sun and go hopefully get a room and whatever all right Next 500 is going to the next fan that sees me we just started walking in the strip so should be fast a little hot We'll give it a second but we'll see right now David off brother seen a brand master set of what is that brand called so I've seen them with the founder of David off Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, well, this is one of his proprietary balloons my thing is it that good Is it I'm wrong all by the That confident huh? This confidence Well, let me get this one then I'll try it out. I gotta get a signature too. What sizes this 2000? Yes, it is actually just bottle box and this as well. I'm gonna try it out We get this as well. I take this guy after seven years they put it in old rare scotch barrels It's 12 slater you got that wow I get that sweet the people like to eat the whip. Okay, so if you drink it Okay, when you sit by the campfire, yeah, that's a good option. Okay Come on closer Doesn't matter let's get it Let's get it. Let's get it. Yeah, absolutely here. I don't want to drop that that's a collection Or Vegas baby Thank you appreciate Thank you, you know what it is man $2,000 lighter to add to the collection a little Some light some light make a hundred k spin 2k 2% gone that's how you do smart business if I die Right, I'm not taking the 100 grand with me if I spin 100 grand a day I get an exciting amazing day. I'll never forget That's I look at it. Seriously You Sometimes they go on forever. No, so it's nice time now. We need a Smoke and drinking getting a little twist that came back relax for a few hours We're heading back to another lounge to hang out maybe take a trade Markets are looking pretty decent. I might take another trade and then just have another beautiful cigar Celebrate life is a beautiful celebration just being here making it this far and living the life that we're living is always We're celebrating, but I got to show you guys what this views looking like at nighttime check this out check this out out Baby so earlier we ended up obviously doing a tour as you guys saw of a couple different paths The second one really peaked my attention and I told the guy look we're serious about this property We're gonna get with a lending team and talk about Potentially putting it on offer on the house. My only concern is she over pricing in the house Simply just because all the work she put into it that she loves she might fall in love with all of that work and think it's worth more than it is So we're gonna figure out what the value is which you guys may see me in that house. It's very very soon We'll see I love it. I get a lot and we have could you not want to Be here at night look at the nighttime views It's like Vegas is a very loud place, but when you're up in these palaces It seems so peaceful and so quiet. You don't hear anything like you literally just See lights here some streets some cars a plane taking off here and there But listen It's actually so peaceful and I love that because we can go down into the city have a drink play blackjack Smoga cigar enjoy life, you know do our thing and then come back up to our Pen House where it's pitch quiet and you get nothing but relaxation. I love it man I love it. I think it's a very very luxurious thing and important aspect of life to enjoy it and be able to see things like this That's beautiful I love it On the left and the right you'll see our cigar lockers. This is really actually house Right with humidity is on a lot of the scene made plates You'll see some very very noticeable names. You know what I can come here I think that's a beach you got put any names up there just for sure like what you're doing Jordan is a member a rod's a member Dana White's a member mark Davis of the member Charles Woodson and then we got you know Bradley very cool The work show the litches lockers on that side and this is only one of the 25th of the world wow One Now So you got the opus 25 okay, so you know you know your stuff Yeah, I think I just gotta go for the year the horse bro. It's just so hard to find it's so hard to find Yeah, 180 to peace. Let me get one of these for sure Gotta go with the year the horse baby 180 What's up, bro? How are you my run here? Yeah, how you doing man? Good well your number two here's 500 bucks. He's a yeah, bro for sure Anything you want to say? Three tickets getting here. No, you three tickets There are no license And great to shoot Oh, that's the All right, well are you saying go to jail? Not We should enjoy the 500 man Yes, sir Dude we're you're walking by the guys notice me do the glass. He's like I found out where you were I got the 500 yada Second 500 just went out we've got 1500 given away today on camera. So what I do man do gotta take it and shit that's so no license No dude, what are you driving for? All right, let's go smoke man. I got hell of a cigar And I'm not to put it down man. Let's get him Same car All right, so I'm gonna pull out my $2,000 ST duplant Specialty lighter not the one I bought earlier, but when I bought the other day And I'm gonna try to fix the burn lion here on my dab it off year of the horse $200 a Gar that I'll never see again after I smoke it tonight. I'll also listen to this She didn't sweet bro. She cannot get sweet in here bro. Put it down. We'll still get another Once he started developing in the sweet. We don't do sweet shit. We go get another we want it harsh That was the flavor. You gotta just enjoy these ma the point is to enjoy this cigar. I can't trust this enough You're not here. I was in cigar taste. What's the flavor ramming and you can get flavors out of cigar The course but for me it's the experience right I'm gonna remember the time that I had the dab it off year of the horse $200 a Gar when I was in Vegas and we talked business and we had that two hour conversation about this this and that it's the Experience it's the time spent it's the slowing down of time all of these things matter when you're smoking a cigar It's not about the cigar It's about what you do while enjoying the cigar that really makes the experience what it is I think what makes the experience even better is when you're a trader and you can literally pay for the entire cigar bar All the drinks all the cigars was one single trade. Yeah, I'm gonna hit close Oh, and just like that $5,000 has been hit we'll go right into my bank account It'll cover everything that we just did the name and again you guys still Undress me the power of being a trader you don't gotta learn the shit You ain't got a fucking study and do exams and try to be great It's like me almost three years because I have a program for you 30 99 You can copy every single one of my trades every single day every trade that I take copy them the exact trades I take you in copy them literally copy them three times a day four days a week Copy every trade I take you don't got a deal any of the hardship I do it for you. I've already learned the process is of trading I've done this for 10 years now copy one of the best And your life will change Clickling down below join the kingdom and get started today. I'm gonna go to enjoy the rest of this beautiful cigar and I think I'll see you guys next time